msgraphforentra: New App - MS Graph for Entra (#1)
splunk-soar-connectors/msgraphforentra: manual_readme_content.md

[comment]: # " File: README.md"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "Copyright (c) 2022-2024 Splunk Inc."
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 'License');"
[comment]: # "you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
[comment]: # "You may obtain a copy of the License at"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under"
[comment]: # "the License is distributed on an 'AS IS' BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,"
[comment]: # "either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions"
[comment]: # "and limitations under the License. "
## Port Information

> The app uses HTTP/ HTTPS protocol for communicating with the Microsoft 365 Defender server. Below

Reviewer: Copy pasta?
```suggestion
The app uses HTTP(S) protocol for communicating with the Microsoft Entra service. Below
```

Author: Yep :)

are the default ports used by Splunk SOAR.

| SERVICE NAME | TRANSPORT PROTOCOL | PORT |
|--------------|--------------------|------|
| http         | tcp                | 80   |
| https        | tcp                | 443  |

## Explanation of Asset Configuration Parameters

-   Tenant ID - It is the Directory ID of the Microsoft Entra ID on the Microsoft
    Azure portal.
-   Client ID - It is the Application ID of an application configured in the Microsoft Entra ID.
-   Client Secret - It is the secret string used by the application to prove its identity when
    requesting a token. It can be generated for the configured application on the Microsoft Entra ID.
-   Non-Interactive Auth - It is used to determine the authentication method. If it is checked then
    non-Interactive auth will be used otherwise interactive auth will be used. Whenever this

>     checkbox is toggled then the test connectivity action must be run again. NOTE: Non-Interactive Auth
>     be checked for Certificate Based Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    checkbox is toggled then the test connectivity action must be run again. NOTE: Non-Interactive Auth
    must be checked for Certificate Based Authentication.
```
